Miles of Smiles Car Rental Services Terms of Use

1. Introduction
These Terms of Service (“Terms”) govern the access or use by you, an individual, from within any country in the world, of applications, websites, content, products, and services (“Services”) made available by Miles of Smiles Car Rental Services, a company registered in the United States of America.

2. The Services
Miles of Smiles rents out vehicles to the end user. We reserve the right to temporarily or permanently discontinue the Services at any time and are not liable for any modification, suspension or discontinuation of the Services.

3. Bookings
3.1 Users may make a booking through our website or mobile application.
3.2 You must provide accurate, current and complete information during the reservation process. You are responsible for all charges incurred under your account.
3.3 All bookings are subject to vehicle availability.

4. Cancellation Policy
4.1 Reservations can be cancelled up to 61 days prior to the start of the booking period.
4.2 If the booking period is less than 17 days, cancellations are not permitted.

5. Use of Vehicle
5.1 All cars rented from Miles of Smiles must not be used:
for any illegal purpose or in connection with any criminal offense.
for teaching someone to drive.
in any race, rally or contest.
while under the influence of alcohol or drugs.

6. Liability
6.1 Users will be held liable for any damage, loss, or theft that occurs during the rental period.
6.2 We do not accept liability for any indirect or consequential loss, damage, or expense including but not limited to loss of profits.

7. Governing Law
These terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America, and any disputes relating to these terms will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of United States.

8. Changes to These Terms
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made.

9. Acceptance of These Terms
By using the Services, you acknowledge that you have read and understand these Terms and agree to be bound by them.
If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not use or access our Services.